README.md, before:

# TwilioDemo

Node version: 12.14.1 OR 14.20.0
Angular version: 7.2.2
Twilio-conversations version: 2.1.0

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Read me file updated with steps
Read me file updated with steps

README.md, after:

# TwilioDemo

Node version: 12.14.1 OR 14.20.0

Angular version: 7.2.2

Twilio-conversations version: 2.1.0

Steps:

1. Clone this repo to your local system

2. Do check versions mentioned for node & run command: npm i

3. Check if project runs with command: npm start

4. To get & check the error, Run the command: npm run build

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
